1. Import Required Libraries
● Import necessary libraries:
Streamlit for the web app interface.
Transformers for text classification and translation pipelines.
Random for random functionalities (if applicable).
Googletrans provides translation services.

2. Initialize Pipelines
● Text Classification Pipeline: Load a pre-trained model
(distilbert-base-uncased) to classify user input.
● Translation Pipeline: Load a translation model
(Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-ROMANCE) to support translation between English
and Romance languages.

3. Define Supported Languages
Create a dictionary of supported languages with corresponding language
supported_languages = {
"en": "English",
"es": "Spanish",
"fr": "French",
"de": "German",
"it": "Italian"
}

4. Health Advice Function (get_health_advice)
● Input: Symptoms entered by the user, and language selected.
● Symptoms Keyword Dictionary: Create a dictionary that maps common symptoms
(such as fever and cough) to language-specific advice messages.
● Keyword Matching: Iterate through the symptoms to see if they appear in the user
input.
If a symptom matches, return the appropriate advice in the specified language.
If no symptoms match, return the default message requesting more information.

5. Translation Function (translate_text)
● Inputs include the text to be translated and the target language.
● If the target language is English, please return the original text.
● Use the translation pipeline to convert the text into the desired target language.

6. Explanation Function (explain_advice)
● Input: Symptom and language.
● Explanations Dictionary: Create a dictionary that links symptoms to
explanations in multiple languages.
● Retrieve the explanation corresponding to the matched symptom and return it
in the specified language.
●

7. Streamlit User Interface (main function)
● Set the title of the web application.
● Provide a dropdown menu for language selection.
● Accept user input via a text input field for symptom description.
● If the "Get Advice" button is clicked:
Call get_health_advice with user input and selected language,
displaying the returned advice.
For each predefined symptom (fever, cough, headache, mental illness):
If the symptom is present in the user input, call explain_advice to retrieve and
display an explanation.
Thank the user and prompt for further assistance.
